---title: Activitieslayout: pagepermalink: /activities/---We have Special interest groups. Click on any of the links to go to postings in our blog. Ask about WhatsApp chats.
**[Languages](/category/languages/)**: There are meetings of our conversation cafés once or twice a month for anyone who is learning or who wants to practice speaking another language, though these cafés are **not** courses. Native speakers are welcome, with everyone helping each other. 
[French](/category/languages/french/) / [German](/category/languages/german/) / Swiss-German / [English](/category/languages/english/) / Arabic / Turkish / [Spanish](/category/languages/spanish/) / [Italian](/category/languages/italian/) / [Portuguese](/category/languages/portuguese/) / [Russian](/category/languages/russian/) 
[**Special Interest Group**s](/category/special/): for those who want to share their passions with others. 
[Museums: including fine art, architecture and history](/category/museums/) [Musical culture:  classical, opera, theater, jazz, ...](/category/music/)Botanical Gardens, gardens and natureHandcrafts - painting, sketching, crafts, ...Singing, writing, poetry. **Age-related groups**: Parents and children, parents with teenagers / Ladies / Seniors
[**Get-togethers**](/category/parties/): we have a monthly **[TGIF](/category/tgif/)** (Thank Goodness It's Friday) for drinks or dining, and in Corona time, get-togethers for chatting or parties using Zoom or Skype or Google Meet. Our tasting events include wines, spirits, teas, cheeses, cigars or anything else you can think of!  Also** [Dining](/category/dining/) and sometimes [Cooking](/category/cuisine/)** groups
**[Sports Activities](/category/sport/)** of many kinds: 
[Hikes](/category/hike/) (= longer walks in the countryside)[Walks](/category/walk/) (= shorter city tours and visits)[Swimming and Picnics](/category/swimming/) at pools, rivers and lakes[Cycling](/category/cycling/) (city, country or mountain biking)Climbing (in a hall or in the mountains)[Fitness, yoga and dancing of many varieties](/category/dancing/)[Winter Sports](/category/winter/): [Skiing](/category/skiing/) / [Skating](/category/skating/) / [Spas](/category/swimming/)[Racket sports](/category/rackets/): Squash / [Tennis](/category/tennis/) / [Badminton](/category/badminton/) 
[**Discussions**](/category/hike/): We have **monthly Club Meetings** on Tuesday evenings with invited speakers. In Corona time we have **weekly Zoom meetings** on Monday evening with general or specific topics, like these:
**[Communication and Health](/category/discussion/communication/) / [Future Earth](/category/discussion/future/) / [Economics and Politics](/category/discussion/social/) / [Corona](/category/discussion/corona/)**Life-Long Learning / sciences 
**Books**: We have many options for book readers in general. We discuss a new story or book each month, using several "breakout" chat groups
Sophie Reading Group - the group for all readersSpecial groups for genres:  SciFi, Crime &amp; SpyAlso short stories, non-fiction, biographies Special groups for regions: British Books / Americana / Oriental / Africa / Swiss and German / Oceania

